docs/deployment/shuttle.mdx, before:

# Shuttle 
import {HeaderBadgesWidget} from '@site/src/components/molecules/HeaderBadgesWidget';

<HeaderBadgesWidget commaDelimitedContributors="Phosphorus" lastVerifiedDateString="January 8th, 2023" />

## What's Shuttle?

Shuttle is a Rust-native cloud development platform that lets you deploy your Rust apps for free.

Using Graphul we can have an easy deployment with Shuttle.

As Graphul is based on the top of Axum we share the possibility to reutilize the same method of deployment that Axum.

Here is the original guide to [deploy a service using Axum](https://docs.shuttle.rs/examples/axum)

## Zero to production

Shuttle provides a [CLI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_interface) to ease the deployment.

So to start we need to install the CLI. 

```bash
cargo install cargo-shuttle
```

And then login:

```bash
cargo shuttle login
```
Make a directory and enter in it:

```bash
mkdir your_project && cd your_project
```

You can start a new project using:

```bash
cargo shuttle init
```

You need to answer some questions about your project, when the CLI will ask you for a web framework to use choose `none`, we are going to configure it from zero.

However, in the project folder, we need to activate the `web-axum` feature and install `sync_wrapper` as dependencies with the next command:

```bash
cargo add sync_wrapper shuttle-service --features shuttle-service/web-axum
```

And as expected we need to install Graphul, but just Graphul in this case:

```bash
cargo add graphul
```

Make sure that your `Cargo.toml` file looks like the one below -- having the right dependencies is key!

```toml
[package]
name = "graphul-testing"
version = "0.1.0"
edition = "2021"
publish = false

[lib]

[dependencies]
graphul = "0.4.5"
shuttle-service = { version = "0.8.0", features = ["web-axum"] }
sync_wrapper = "0.1.1"
```

And the you need to replace your `lib.rs` for this:

```rust
use graphul::{http::Methods, Graphul};
use sync_wrapper::SyncWrapper;

#[shuttle_service::main]
async fn graphul() -> shuttle_service::ShuttleAxum {
    let mut app = Graphul::new();

    app.get("/", || async { "Hello World 👋!" });
    let sync_wrapper = SyncWrapper::new(app.export_routes());

    Ok(sync_wrapper)
}
```

So now finally we need to deploy it using the following command:

```bash 
cargo shuttle deploy
```

And your app is live! Congrats! 🎉🎉🎉

Commit message:

docs: update the shuttle documentation

docs/deployment/shuttle.mdx, after:

# Shuttle 
import {HeaderBadgesWidget} from '@site/src/components/molecules/HeaderBadgesWidget';

<HeaderBadgesWidget commaDelimitedContributors="Phosphorus" lastVerifiedDateString="January 8th, 2023" />

## What's Shuttle?

Shuttle is a Rust-native cloud development platform that lets you deploy your Rust apps for free.

Using Graphul we can have an easy deployment with Shuttle.

As Graphul is based on the top of Axum we share the possibility to reutilize the same method of deployment that Axum.

Here is the original guide to [deploy a service using Axum](https://docs.shuttle.rs/examples/axum)

## Zero to production

Shuttle provides a [CLI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_interface) to ease the deployment.

:::info

In the most recent versions of Shuttle you will require to install Protoc/Protobuff-Compiler before the CLI.

We recommend checking [this documentation](https://docs.shuttle.rs/support/installing-protoc) to do it.

:::

So to start we need to install the CLI. 



```bash
cargo install cargo-shuttle
```

And then login:

```bash
cargo shuttle login
```
Make a directory and enter in it:

```bash
mkdir your_project && cd your_project
```

You can start a new project using:

```bash
cargo shuttle init
```

You need to answer some questions about your project, when the CLI will ask you for a web framework to use choose `none`, we are going to configure it from zero.

However, in the project folder, we need to add the crate `shuttle-axum` and install too `tokio` as dependencies with the next command:

```bash
cargo add tokio shuttle-axum
```

And as expected we need to install Graphul, but just Graphul in this case:

```bash
cargo add graphul
```

Make sure that your `Cargo.toml` file looks like the one below -- having the right dependencies is key!

```toml
[package]
name = "graphul-testing"
version = "0.1.0"
edition = "2021"
publish = false

[dependencies]
shuttle-runtime = "0.12.0"
shuttle-axum = { version = "0.12.0" }
tokio = { version = "1.26.0" }
graphul = "0.5.6"
```

And then you need to replace your `main.rs` for this:

```rust
use graphul::{Graphul, http::Methods};

#[shuttle_runtime::main]
async fn axum() -> shuttle_axum::ShuttleAxum {
    let mut app = Graphul::new();

    app.get("/", || async { "Hello World 👋!" });

    Ok(app.export_routes().into())
}
```

So now finally we need to deploy it using the following command:

```bash 
cargo shuttle deploy
```

And your app is live! Congrats! 🎉🎉🎉
