docs/introduction/what-is-graphul.mdx, before:

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';
import ThemedImage from '@theme/ThemedImage';
import Compare from './assets/compare-light.png';
import ComparationDark from './assets/compare-dark.png';

# What is Graphul?

Graphul is an Express inspired web framework using a powerful extractor system. Designed to improve, speed, and scale your microservices with a very friendly syntax, Graphul is built with Rust. That means Graphul gets memory safety, reliability, concurrency, and performance for free.

Graphul is an extremely simple and powerful Rust web backend framework. Only basic Rust knowledge is required to develop backend services

## 🛫 Graphul vs most famous frameworks out there

Graphul has a huge performance comparing with the most famous frameworks of the web.

This is a simple benchmark however [here the website](https://web-frameworks-benchmark.netlify.app/compare?f=graphul,nestjs-express,express,django,flask,laravel,rails)

<ThemedImage
  alt="Docusaurus themed image"
  sources={{
    light: Compare,
    dark: ComparationDark,
  }}
/>

## About the documentation

The documentation on this website focusses in gives you a starter guide, explaining a lot of concepts of the web and how implement it in Graphul.
Besides we are interesting in show some of documentation about the Graphul APIs for the less familiarized with the [docs.rs](https://docs.rs/graphul/)

Commit message:

feat: add a documentation about the router system

docs/introduction/what-is-graphul.mdx, after:

import ThemedImage from '@theme/ThemedImage';
import Compare from './assets/compare-light.png';
import ComparationDark from './assets/compare-dark.png';

# What is Graphul?

Graphul is an Express inspired web framework using a powerful extractor system. Designed to improve, speed, and scale your microservices with a very friendly syntax, Graphul is built with Rust. That means Graphul gets memory safety, reliability, concurrency, and performance for free.

Graphul is an extremely simple and powerful Rust web backend framework. Only basic Rust knowledge is required to develop backend services

## Quickreview

If you are thinking of building a web server Graphul is an amazing library to do it.

Graphul provides you with the basic tools to build a web server, we are talking about routing, sharing state system, pre-processing of requests and post-processing of responses.

We don't do it alone, we are re-using libraries as [Axum](https://github.com/tokio-rs/axum) and we are giving you a better abstraction and more friendly interface. 


## 🛫 Graphul vs most famous frameworks out there

Graphul has a huge performance compared with the most famous frameworks of the web.

This is a simple benchmark, however [here the website](https://web-frameworks-benchmark.netlify.app/compare?f=graphul,nestjs-express,express,django,flask,laravel,rails)

<ThemedImage
  alt="Benchmark between Graphul and other frameworks"
  sources={{
    light: Compare,
    dark: ComparationDark,
  }}
/>

## About the documentation

The documentation on this website focuses in gives you a starter guide, explaining a lot of concepts of the web and how to implement them in Graphul.
Besides we are interested in showing some of the documentation about the Graphul APIs for the less familiar with the [docs.rs](https://docs.rs/graphul/)
